English

APPLE INC.
SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR QUICKTIME

IMPORTANT NOTICE TO QUICKTIME PRO USERS:
INSTALLATION OF QUICKTIME 7 WILL DISABLE THE QUICKTIME PRO
FUNCTIONALITY IN PRIOR VERSIONS OF QUICKTIME. IF YOU PROCEED WITH THIS
INSTALLATION, YOU MUST PURCHASE A NEW QUICKTIME 7 PRO KEY TO REGAIN
QUICKTIME PRO FUNCTIONALITY. AFTER INSTALLATION, VISIT
www.apple.com/quicktime TO PURCHASE A QUICKTIME 7 PRO KEY.

PLEASE READ THIS SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT ("LICENSE") CAREFULLY
BEFORE USING THE APPLE SOFTWARE.  BY USING THE APPLE SOFTWARE, YOU ARE
AGREEING TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS LICENSE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE
TO THE TERMS OF THIS LICENSE, DO NOT USE THE SOFTWARE. IF YOU DO NOT
AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THE LICENSE, YOU MAY RETURN THE APPLE SOFTWARE
TO THE PLACE WHERE YOU OBTAINED IT FOR A REFUND. IF THE APPLE SOFTWARE
WAS ACCESSED ELECTRONICALLY, CLICK "DISAGREE/DECLINE". FOR APPLE
SOFTWARE INCLUDED WITH YOUR PURCHASE OF HARDWARE, YOU MUST RETURN THE
ENTIRE HARDWARE/SOFTWARE PACKAGE IN ORDER TO OBTAIN A REFUND.

IMPORTANT NOTE: This software may be used to reproduce materials. It
is licensed to you only for reproduction of non-copyrighted materials,
materials in which you own the copyright, or materials you are
authorized or legally permitted to reproduce. If you are uncertain
about your right to copy any material, you should contact your legal
advisor.

1. General. The software, documentation and any fonts accompanying
this License whether on disk, in read only memory, on any other media
or in any other form (collectively the "Apple Software") are licensed,
not sold, to you by Apple Inc. ("Apple") for use only under the terms
of this License, and Apple reserves all rights not expressly granted
to you. The rights granted herein are limited to Apple's and its
licensors' intellectual property rights in the Apple Software and do
not include any other patents or intellectual property rights. You own
the media on which the Apple Software is recorded but Apple and/or
Apple's licensor(s) retain ownership of the Apple Software itself. The
rights granted under the terms of this License include any software
upgrades that replace and/or supplement the original Apple Software
product, unless such upgrade contains a separate license.

Title and intellectual property rights in and to any content displayed
by or accessed through the Apple Software belongs to the respective
content owner. Such content may be protected by copyright or other
intellectual property laws and treaties, and may be subject to terms
of use of the third party providing such content. This License does
not grant you any rights to use such content.

2. Permitted License Uses and Restrictions. This License allows you to
install and use one copy of the Apple Software on a single computer at
a time. This License does not allow the Apple Software to exist on
more than one computer at a time, and you may not make the Apple
Software available over a network where it could be used by multiple
computers at the same time. You may make one copy of the Apple
Software in machine-readable form for backup purposes only; provided
that the backup copy must include all copyright or other proprietary
notices contained on the original. Except as and only to the extent
expressly permitted in this License or by applicable law, you may not
copy, decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, modify, or create
derivative works of the Apple Software or any part thereof. THE APPLE
SOFTWARE IS NOT INTENDED FOR USE IN THE OPERATION OF NUCLEAR
FACILITIES, AIRCRAFT NAVIGATION OR COMMUNICATION SYSTEMS, AIR TRAFFIC
CONTROL SYSTEMS, LIFE SUPPORT MACHINES OR OTHER EQUIPMENT IN WHICH THE
FAILURE OF THE APPLE SOFTWARE COULD LEAD TO DEATH, PERSONAL INJURY, OR
SEVERE PHYSICAL OR ENVIRONMENTAL DAMAGE.

3. Transfer. You may not rent, lease, lend or sublicense the Apple
Software. You may, however, make a one-time permanent transfer of all
of your license rights to the Apple Software to another party,
provided that: (a) the transfer must include all of the Apple
Software, including all its component parts, original media, printed
materials and this License; (b) you do not retain any copies of the
Apple Software, full or partial, including copies stored on a computer
or other storage device; and (c) the party receiving the Apple
Software reads and agrees to accept the terms and conditions of this
License.

Updates: If an Apple Software update completely replaces (full
install) a previously licensed version of the Apple Software, you may
not use both versions of the Apple Software at the same time nor may
you transfer them separately.

NFR (Not for Resale) Copies: Notwithstanding other sections of this
License, Apple Software labeled or otherwise provided to you on a
promotional basis may only be used for demonstration, testing and
evaluation purposes and may not be resold or transferred.

Academic Copies: If the Apple Software package has an academic label
or if you acquired the Apple Software at an academic discount, you
must be an Eligible Educational End User to use the Apple Software.
"Eligible Educational End Users" means students, faculty, staff and
administration attending and/or working at an educational
institutional facility (i.e., college campus, public or private K-12
schools).

4. Consent to Use of Data. You agree that Apple and its subsidiaries
may collect and use technical and related information, including but
not limited to technical information about your computer, system and
application software, and peripherals, that is gathered periodically
to facilitate the provision of software updates, product support and
other services to you (if any) related to the Apple Software. Apple
may use this information, as long as it is in a form that does not
personally identify you, to improve our products or to provide
services or technologies to you.

5. Termination. This License is effective until terminated.  Your
rights under this License will terminate automatically without notice
from Apple if you fail to comply with any term(s) of this License.
Upon the termination of this License, you shall cease all use of the
Apple Software and destroy all copies, full or partial, of the Apple
Software.

6. Limited Warranty on Media. Apple warrants the media on which the
Apple Software is recorded and delivered by Apple to be free from
defects in materials and workmanship under normal use for a period of
ninety (90) days from the date of original retail purchase. Your
exclusive remedy under this Section shall be, at Apple's option, a
refund of the purchase price of the product containing the Apple
Software or replacement of the Apple Software which is returned to
Apple or an Apple authorized representative with a copy of the
receipt. THIS LIMITED WARRANTY AND ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES ON THE MEDIA
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, OF SATISFACTORY QUALITY, AND OF FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ARE LIMITED IN DURATION TO NINETY (90) DAYS FROM
THE DATE OF ORIGINAL RETAIL PURCHASE.  SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW
LIMITATIONS ON HOW LONG AN IMPLIED WARRANTY LASTS, SO THE ABOVE
LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.  THE LIMITED WARRANTY SET FORTH
HEREIN IS THE ONLY WARRANTY MADE TO YOU AND IS PROVIDED IN LIEU OF ANY
OTHER WARRANTIES (IF ANY) CREATED BY ANY DOCUMENTATION OR PACKAGING.
THIS LIMITED WARRANTY GIVES YOU SPECIFIC LEGAL RIGHTS, AND YOU MAY
ALSO HAVE OTHER RIGHTS WHICH VARY BY JURISDICTION.

7. Disclaimer of Warranties. YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT
USE OF THE APPLE SOFTWARE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK AND THAT THE ENTIRE
RISK AS TO SATISFACTORY QUALITY, PERFORMANCE, ACCURACY AND EFFORT IS
WITH YOU. EXCEPT FOR THE LIMITED WARRANTY ON MEDIA SET FORTH ABOVE AND
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE APPLE SOFTWARE
IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITH ALL FAULTS AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
AND APPLE AND APPLE'S LICENSORS (COLLECTIVELY REFERRED TO AS "APPLE"
FOR THE PURPOSES OF SECTIONS 7 AND 8) HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES
AND CONDITIONS WITH RESPECT TO THE APPLE SOFTWARE, EITHER EXPRESS,
IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES AND/OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, OF SATISFACTORY
QUALITY, OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OF ACCURACY, OF QUIET
ENJOYMENT, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS.  APPLE DOES NOT
WARRANT AGAINST INTERFERENCE WITH YOUR ENJOYMENT OF THE APPLE
SOFTWARE, THAT THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN THE APPLE SOFTWARE WILL MEET
YOUR REQUIREMENTS, THAT THE OPERATION OF THE APPLE SOFTWARE WILL BE
UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, THAT THE APPLE SOFTWARE WILL BE
COMPATIBLE WITH THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE, OR THAT DEFECTS IN THE APPLE
SOFTWARE WILL BE CORRECTED. NO ORAL OR WRITTEN INFORMATION OR ADVICE
GIVEN BY APPLE OR AN APPLE AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE SHALL CREATE A
WARRANTY.  SHOULD THE APPLE SOFTWARE PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE
ENTIRE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION.  SOME
JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR
LIMITATIONS ON APPLICABLE STATUTORY RIGHTS OF A CONSUMER, SO THE ABOVE
EXCLUSION AND LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. QuickTime Player
automatically produces search results that reference sites and
information located worldwide throughout the Internet. Because Apple
has no control over such sites and information, Apple makes no
guarantees as to such sites and information, including: (i) the
accuracy, currency, content, or quality of any such sites and
information, or (ii) whether an Apple search completed through the
QuickTime Player may locate unintended or objectionable content.
Because some of the content on the Internet consists of material that
is adult-oriented or otherwise objectionable to some people or viewers
under the age of 18, the results of any search or entering of a
particular URL using the QuickTime Player may automatically and
unintentionally generate links or references to objectionable
material. By using the QuickTime Player, you acknowledge that Apple
makes no representations or warranties with regard to the
appropriateness of the content viewed through the QuickTime Player,
whether on a pre-installed channel button or as a result of your
search. Apple does not guarantee the sequence, accuracy, completeness
or timeliness of the content played through the QuickTime Player.
Apple, its officers, affiliates and subsidiaries shall not, directly
or indirectly, be liable, in any way, to you or any other person for
the content you receive using the QuickTime Player or for any
inaccuracies, errors in or omissions from the content.

8. Limitation of Liability. TO THE EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY LAW, IN NO
EVENT SHALL APPLE BE LIABLE FOR PERSONAL INJURY, OR ANY INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING,
WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF DATA,
BUSINESS INTERRUPTION OR ANY OTHER COMMERCIAL DAMAGES OR LOSSES,
ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO YOUR USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE APPLE
SOFTWARE, HOWEVER CAUSED, REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY OF LIABILITY
(CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE) AND EVEN IF APPLE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF
THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR PERSONAL INJURY, OR OF INCIDENTAL OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THIS LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. In no
event shall Apple's total liability to you for all damages (other than
as may be required by applicable law in cases involving personal
injury) exceed the amount of fifty dollars ($50.00). The foregoing
limitations will apply even if the above stated remedy fails of its
essential purpose.

9. Export Control. You may not use or otherwise export or reexport the
Apple Software except as authorized by United States law and the laws
of the jurisdiction in which the Apple Software was obtained. In
particular, but without limitation, the Apple Software may not be
exported or re-exported (a) into any U.S. embargoed countries or (b)
to anyone on the U.S. Treasury Department's list of Specially
Designated Nationals or the U.S. Department of Commerce Denied
Person's List or Entity List. By using the Apple Software, you
represent and warrant that you are not located in any such country or
on any such list. You also agree that you will not use these products
for any purposes prohibited by United States law, including, without
limitation, the development, design, manufacture or production of
nuclear, missiles, or chemical or biological weapons.

10. Government End Users. The Apple Software and related documentation
are "Commercial Items", as that term is defined at 48 C.F.R. §2.101,
consisting of "Commercial Computer Software" and "Commercial Computer
Software Documentation", as such terms are used in 48 C.F.R. §12.212
or 48 C.F.R. §227.7202, as applicable. Consistent with 48 C.F.R.
§12.212 or 48 C.F.R. §227.7202-1through 227.7202-4, as applicable, the
Commercial Computer Software and Commercial Computer Software
Documentation are being licensed to U.S. Government end users (a) only
as Commercial Items and (b) with only those rights as are granted to
all other end users pursuant to the terms and conditions herein.
Unpublished-rights reserved under the copyright laws of the United
States.

11. Controlling Law and Severability. This License will be governed by
and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California,
as applied to agreements entered into and to be performed entirely
within California between California residents. This License shall not
be governed by the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the
International Sale of Goods, the application of which is expressly
excluded. If for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction finds
any provision, or portion thereof, to be unenforceable, the remainder
of this License shall continue in full force and effect.

12. Complete Agreement; Governing Language. This License constitutes
the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the use of
the Apple Software licensed hereunder and supersedes all prior or
contemporaneous understandings regarding such subject matter.  No
amendment to or modification of this License will be binding unless in
writing and signed by Apple. Any translation of this License is done
for local requirements and in the event of a dispute between the
English and any non-English versions, the English version of this
License shall govern.

13. MPEG-2 Notice. To the extent that the Apple Software contains
MPEG-2 functionality, the following provision applies: ANY USE OF THIS
PRODUCT OTHER THAN CONSUMER PERSONAL USE IN ANY MANNER THAT COMPLIES
WITH THE MPEG-2 STANDARD FOR ENCODING VIDEO INFORMATION FOR PACKAGED
MEDIA IS EXPRESSLY PROHIBITED WITHOUT A LICENSE UNDER APPLICABLE
PATENTS IN THE MPEG-2 PATENT PORTFOLIO, WHICH LICENSE IS AVAILABLE
FROM MPEG LA, L.L.C, 250 STEELE STREET, SUITE 300, DENVER, COLORADO
80206.

14. Use of MPEG-4. This product is licensed under the MPEG-4 Systems
Patent Portfolio License for encoding in compliance with the MPEG-4
Systems Standard, except that an additional license and payment of
royalties are necessary for encoding in connection with (i) data
stored or replicated in physical media which is paid for on a title by
title basis and/or (ii) data which is paid for on a title by title
basis and is transmitted to an end user for permanent storage and/or
use.  Such additional license may be obtained from MPEG LA, LLC. See
http://www.mpegla.com for additional details.

This product is licensed under the MPEG-4 Visual Patent Portfolio
License for the personal and non-commercial use of a consumer for (i)
encoding video in compliance with the MPEG-4 Visual Standard ("MPEG-4
Video") and/or (ii) decoding MPEG-4 video that was encoded by a
consumer engaged in a personal and non-commercial activity and/or was
obtained from a video provider licensed by MPEG LA to provide MPEG-4
video.  No license is granted or shall be implied for any other use.

Additional information including that relating to promotional,
internal and commercial uses and licensing may be obtained from MPEG
LA, LLC.  See http: //www.mpegla.com.  For answers to frequently asked
questions regarding use fees under the MPEG LA Visual Patent Portfolio
License see www.apple.com/mpeg4 or
www.apple.com/quicktime/products/qt/faq.html.

15. H.264/AVC Notice. To the extent that the Apple Software contains
AVC encoding and/or decoding functionality, commercial use of
H.264/AVC requires additional licensing and the following provision
applies: THE AVC FUNCTIONALITY IN THIS PRODUCT IS LICENSED HEREIN ONLY
FOR THE PERSONAL AND NON-COMMERCIAL USE OF A CONSUMER TO (i) ENCODE
VIDEO IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE AVC STANDARD ("AVC VIDEO") AND/OR (ii)
DECODE AVC VIDEO THAT WAS ENCODED BY A  CONSUMER ENGAGED IN A PERSONAL
AND NON-COMMERCIAL ACTIVITY AND/OR AVC VIDEO THAT WAS OBTAINED FROM A
VIDEO PROVIDER LICENSED TO PROVIDE AVC VIDEO. INFORMATION REGARDING
OTHER USES AND LICENSES MAY BE OBTAINED FROM MPEG LA L.L.C. SEE
HTTP://WWW.MPEGLA.COM.

16. AMR Notice. The Adaptive Multi-Rate ("AMR") encoding and decoding
functionality in this product is not licensed to perform cellular
voice calls, or for use in any telephony products built on the
QuickTime architecture for the Windows platform.  The AMR encoding and
decoding functionality in this product is also not licensed for use in
a cellular communications infrastructure including:  base stations,
base station controllers/radio network controllers, switching centers,
and gateways to and from the public switched network.

EA0337
Rev. 01/18/07
